(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   dotspacemacs-enable-lazy-installation 'unused
   dotspacemacs-ask-for-lazy-installation t
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(
     bibtex
     csv
     pdf-tools
     org
     php
     html
     ranger
     javascript
     auto-completion
     better-defaults
     emacs-lisp
     latex
     c-c++
     python
     themes-megapack
     shell-scripts
     markdown
    )
   dotspacemacs-additional-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-frozen-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-install-packages 'used-only))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-elpa-https t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-timeout 5
   dotspacemacs-check-for-update t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-subdirectory nil
   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'vim
   dotspacemacs-verbose-loading nil
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner '"/home/antonio/.emacs.d/core/banners/img/zatania.png"
   ;; List of items to show in startup buffer or an association list of
   ;; the form `(list-type . list-size)`. If nil then it is disabled.
   ;; Possible values for list-type are:
   ;; `recents' `bookmarks' `projects' `agenda' `todos'."
   ;; List sizes may be nil, in which case
   ;; `spacemacs-buffer-startup-lists-length' takes effect.
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '((recents . 5) (projects . 5) bookmarks todos)
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-responsive t
   dotspacemacs-scratch-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-themes '(material-light
                         flatui
                         espresso
                         tango-plus
                         ample-flat)

   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Source Code Pro"
                               :size 13
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.1)
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-command-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-ex-command-key ":"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key "C-M-m"
   dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-tab nil
   dotspacemacs-remap-Y-to-y$ nil
   dotspacemacs-retain-visual-state-on-shift t
   dotspacemacs-visual-line-move-text nil
   dotspacemacs-ex-substitute-global nil
   dotspacemacs-default-layout-name "Default"
   dotspacemacs-display-default-layout nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-resume-layouts nil
   dotspacemacs-large-file-size 2
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'original
   dotspacemacs-max-rollback-slots 5
   dotspacemacs-helm-resize nil
   dotspacemacs-helm-no-header nil
   ;; define the position to display `helm', options are `bottom', `top',
   ;; `left', or `right'. (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-helm-position 'bottom
   ;; Controls fuzzy matching in helm. If set to `always', force fuzzy matching
   ;; in all non-asynchronous sources. If set to `source', preserve individual
   ;; source settings. Else, disable fuzzy matching in all sources.
   ;; (default 'always)
   dotspacemacs-helm-use-fuzzy 'always
   ;; If non nil the paste micro-state is enabled. When enabled pressing `p`
   ;; several times cycle between the kill ring content. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-transient-state nil
   ;; Which-key delay in seconds. The which-key buffer is the popup listing
   ;; the commands bound to the current keystroke sequence. (default 0.4)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.4
   ;; Which-key frame position. Possible values are `right', `bottom' and
   ;; `right-then-bottom'. right-then-bottom tries to display the frame to the
   ;; right; if there is insufficient space it displays it at the bottom.
   ;; (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom
   ;; If non nil a progress bar is displayed when spacemacs is loading. This
   ;; may increase the boot time on some systems and emacs builds, set it to
   ;; nil to boost the loading time. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   ;; If non nil the frame is fullscreen when Emacs starts up. (default nil)
   ;; (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   ;; If non nil `spacemacs/toggle-fullscreen' will not use native fullscreen.
   ;; Use to disable fullscreen animations in OSX. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   ;; If non nil the frame is maximized when Emacs starts up.
   ;; Takes effect only if `dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup' is nil.
   ;; (default nil) (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup t
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's active or selected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's inactive or deselected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   ;; If non nil show the titles of transient states. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-title t
   ;; If non nil show the color guide hint for transient state keys. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-color-guide t
   ;; If non nil unicode symbols are displayed in the mode line. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   ;; If non nil smooth scrolling (native-scrolling) is enabled. Smooth
   ;; scrolling overrides the default behavior of Emacs which recenters point
   ;; when it reaches the top or bottom of the screen. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   ;; Control line numbers activation.
   ;; If set to `t' or `relative' line numbers are turned on in all `prog-mode' and
   ;; `text-mode' derivatives. If set to `relative', line numbers are relative.
   ;; This variable can also be set to a property list for finer control:
   ;; '(:relative nil
   ;;   :disabled-for-modes dired-mode
   ;;                       doc-view-mode
   ;;                       markdown-mode
   ;;                       org-mode
   ;;                       pdf-view-mode
   ;;                       text-mode
   ;;   :size-limit-kb 1000)
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-line-numbers '(:relative t
                               :disable-for-modes
                               dired-mode
                               doc-view-mode
                               markdown-mode
                               org-mode
                               pdf-view-mode
                              )
   ;; Code folding method. Possible values are `evil' and `origami'.
   ;; (default 'evil)
   dotspacemacs-folding-method 'evil
   ;; If non-nil smartparens-strict-mode will be enabled in programming modes.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   ;; If non-nil pressing the closing parenthesis `)' key in insert mode passes
   ;; over any automatically added closing parenthesis, bracket, quote, etc…
   ;; This can be temporary disabled by pressing `C-q' before `)'. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-smart-closing-parenthesis nil
   ;; Select a scope to highlight delimiters. Possible values are `any',
   ;; `current', `all' or `nil'. Default is `all' (highlight any scope and
   ;; emphasis the current one). (default 'all)
   dotspacemacs-highlight-delimiters 'all
   ;; If non nil, advise quit functions to keep server open when quitting.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   ;; List of search tool executable names. Spacemacs uses the first installed
   ;; tool of the list. Supported tools are `ag', `pt', `ack' and `grep'.
   ;; (default '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep"))
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   ;; The default package repository used if no explicit repository has been
   ;; specified with an installed package.
   ;; Not used for now. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil
   ;; Delete whitespace while saving buffer. Possible values are `all'
   ;; to aggressively delete empty line and long sequences of whitespace,
   ;; `trailing' to delete only the whitespace at end of lines, `changed'to
   ;; delete only whitespace for changed lines or `nil' to disable cleanup.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-whitespace-cleanup nil
   ))

(defun dotspacemacs/user-init ()
  "Initialization function for user code.
It is called immediately after `dotspacemacs/init', before layer configuration
executes.
 This function is mostly useful for variables that need to be set
before packages are loaded. If you are unsure, you should try in setting them in
`dotspacemacs/user-config' first."
  )

(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  (add-hook 'pdf-view-mode-hook (lambda() (linum-mode -1)))
  "Configuration function for user code.
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization after
layers configuration.
This is the place where most of your configurations should be done. Unless it is
explicitly specified that a variable should be set before a package is loaded,
you should place your code here."
  (with-eval-after-load 'linum
    (linum-relative-toggle))
  )

;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(evil-want-Y-yank-to-eol nil)
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (ranger phpunit phpcbf php-extras php-auto-yasnippets org-ref key-chord ivy helm-bibtex parsebib drupal-mode php-mode csv-mode biblio biblio-core org-projectile org-category-capture org-present org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-mime org-download htmlize gnuplot interleave mmm-mode markdown-toc markdown-mode gh-md auctex-latexmk zonokai-theme tern yapfify pyvenv pytest pyenv-mode py-isort pip-requirements live-py-mode insert-shebang hy-mode dash-functional helm-pydoc fish-mode disaster cython-mode cmake-mode clang-format auctex anaconda-mode pythonic web-beautify livid-mode skewer-mode simple-httpd json-mode json-snatcher json-reformat js2-refactor yasnippet multiple-cursors js2-mode js-doc coffee-mode pdf-tools tablist zenburn-theme zen-and-art-theme white-sand-theme underwater-theme ujelly-theme twilight-theme twilight-bright-theme twilight-anti-bright-theme toxi-theme tao-theme tangotango-theme tango-plus-theme tango-2-theme sunny-day-theme sublime-themes subatomic256-theme subatomic-theme spacegray-theme soothe-theme solarized-theme soft-stone-theme soft-morning-theme soft-charcoal-theme smyx-theme seti-theme reverse-theme rebecca-theme railscasts-theme purple-haze-theme professional-theme planet-theme phoenix-dark-pink-theme phoenix-dark-mono-theme organic-green-theme omtose-phellack-theme oldlace-theme occidental-theme obsidian-theme noctilux-theme naquadah-theme mustang-theme monokai-theme monochrome-theme molokai-theme moe-theme minimal-theme material-theme majapahit-theme madhat2r-theme lush-theme light-soap-theme jbeans-theme jazz-theme ir-black-theme inkpot-theme heroku-theme hemisu-theme hc-zenburn-theme gruvbox-theme gruber-darker-theme grandshell-theme gotham-theme gandalf-theme flatui-theme flatland-theme farmhouse-theme exotica-theme espresso-theme dracula-theme django-theme darktooth-theme autothemer darkokai-theme darkmine-theme darkburn-theme dakrone-theme cyberpunk-theme color-theme-sanityinc-tomorrow color-theme-sanityinc-solarized clues-theme cherry-blossom-theme busybee-theme bubbleberry-theme birds-of-paradise-plus-theme badwolf-theme apropospriate-theme anti-zenburn-theme ample-zen-theme ample-theme alect-themes afternoon-theme web-mode tagedit slim-mode scss-mode sass-mode pug-mode less-css-mode helm-css-scss haml-mode emmet-mode ws-butler winum which-key volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen use-package toc-org spaceline powerline restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters popwin persp-mode pcre2el paradox spinner org-plus-contrib org-bullets open-junk-file neotree move-text macrostep lorem-ipsum linum-relative link-hint indent-guide hydra hungry-delete hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers parent-mode highlight-indentation helm-themes helm-swoop helm-projectile helm-mode-manager helm-make projectile pkg-info epl helm-flx helm-descbinds helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio flx-ido flx fill-column-indicator fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region exec-path-from-shell evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state smartparens evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state iedit evil-exchange evil-escape evil-ediff evil-args evil-anzu anzu evil goto-chg undo-tree eval-sexp-fu highlight elisp-slime-nav dumb-jump f dash s diminish define-word column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode bind-map bind-key auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile packed aggressive-indent adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-link ace-jump-helm-line helm avy helm-core popup async))))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(default ((t (:backround "grey99")))))
